We talked about cardinality and about the cross filter direction,
now it's time to understand the last item of our relationships, the active properties that we can see
right here.
I think it's the best if we just go back to our project and see what that is.
So here I am back in the relationship view of our course project,
so we are no longer in the example from the last video. Now
we created that relationships and those work totally fine
but we want to understand what that active properties means.
Well if we go to manage relationships right here, then you can see that you can set relationships to
active or inactive.
Well let's try that,
so let's click right here and see what happens to the relationship between the population and the age
group.
Let's close to that and we can see that we now have that dashed line between those two tables
and if we now get to report view and now change
our chart back again to the Age-Group, like this, then we can see that the chart is not working which
makes sense of course because the relationship is no longer active.
If we go back to relationship view and now for instance double-click it like this, we can also make the relationship
active down here if we click that
and if we now click OK, you can see that we have a solid line back again right here
and in the report view, we can see that this works fine again and this is actually what you have to
know about the active properties. So don't only make sure that you create the relationship,
you also have to make sure that it's active.
Now we talked about our relationship view and we also understand how relationships generally work
but there is another important view in the data model,
you remember? The data view. Now let's start talking about the data view in the next video.